ACROM-
INTRO-
The goal of ACROM (Amrita Club for Robotics and Mechatronics) is to familiarize the students with the concepts and techniques in robotics, enough to evaluate, chose, 
and incorporate robots in engineering systems. The club provides the opportunity for students from various engineering disciplines to work together, sharing their
 individual expertise. Groups are selected to permit students from different departments to work together in solving problems that require skills from each discipline.

EVENTS-
1.RASE’16  - NATIONAL LEVEL ROBOTICS COMPETITION

ROBDEUM @ ASE- RASE'16 is an Annual National Level Robotic Competition organized by Amrita Club for Robotics and Mechnatronics(ACROM) at Amrita School of Engineering, 
Bengaluru from March 4-5, 2016. The fest aims to encourage student in the field of robotics by creating a healthy competition for student from across the nation 
to give students a platform to present and showcase their skills.
Date: 
2016-03-04 09:30 to 2016-03-05 17:30
ORGANIZED BY:
School: School of Engineering
Campus: Bengaluru 

2.LI-FO can you beat the path?
Line following- the old gold of all robotics competitions will take a new form in RASE'14. With the basic idea being the same, this line follower challenge will be 
more advanced, with bigger challenges and more threats and hence, more thrill and fun.
Problem Statement-The task will be to drive through the track while following a black line and tackling the surprise challenges on the arena which will be 
disclosed on the day of the competition. The quickest and most intelligent robot will be declared the winner.


3.DEATH RACE-
Are you an adventure lover and want to be a part of a real challenge? Then, the power-packed DEATH RACE is just what you want!
Problem Statement- Design a wired/wireless, manually controlled robot that would be able to reach the finish line while traversing on both land and in water and 
survive its way out crossing a hostile battle ground. The robot that surpasses all hurdles and accomplishes the mission in minimum time is declared the death race 
champion.

4.ROBO WARS-
We bring to you an unmatched level of intense and vigorous competition.Clash one-on-one and unleash your skills in the Arena.
Problem Statement-Design a wired/wireless, manually controlled machine that is capable of either defeating its opponent on its own or pushing its opponent out of
 the arena.

5.BI-PED LI-FO-
The most anticipated and one of its kind event, the Humanoid line follower will be the eye candy of RASE'14, where humanoids from all over the country will 
participate in a line following challenge and traverse an arena with intersections, loops and discontinuities. The most well designed and efficiently coded 
humanoid that crosses the arena in minimum time will win the humanoid champion.

6.RASE '14 - NATIONAL LEVEL ROBOTICS COMPETITION

Amrita School of Engineering, Bangalore hosted the first ever National Level Robotic Festival. The participants' technical ingenuity were put to test through 
several innovative and challenging events.