ECIF:

1.Pradarshan 2017 – the third edition of the project exhibition is one of the most awaited events conducted by ECIF. The event shall follow closely on the heels of 
Electronica 2017 and replicate the success of the previous iterations. Pradarshan offers everyone a platform to showcase their projects and talk about them. While 
everyone is encouraged to make their presence felt during the event, casual observers are assured to be dazzled by a plethora of amazing projects and tech 
demonstrations.
The competition is scheduled to be held on 28th April, 2017 and is being planned to organize in Bangalore level.The event will be open to all students in first,second,
third, fourth years of B.Tech as well as M.Tech students and research faculties. The project can be done on any topic related to the field of electronics.

2.lectronica-
24 hours. 4 practical circuits. 1 grand event!
Participate in Electronica 2017!
A day-night event where we teach you electronics from scratch, and you get to compete and build circuits on your own. 
Prizes worth Rs. 15,000 and goodies to be won. 
Get certified by ECIF.
Pay Rs 510 for a team of 3 (max). 
Get a takeaway kit worth Rs 400. 
Join us from 9 AM, 18th February 2017 inCP Lab, for 24 continuous hours!
Sponsored by StudyOwl, Paytm, Flipkart and Sculp.It

3.Decipher-
 for Juniors held on 10th November saw school students participating from 68 teams, each consisting of 2-3 members. The first round had teams brainstorming
 to break the given encryption with the help of the keys and information provided to decipher a short quote. 17 teams successfully broke the encryption in time to
 qualify for the 2nd round – The Treasure Hunt. The treasure hunt saw teams running around the campus in search of clues competing to get to the ‘treasure’ in the 
shortest time possible. 9 teams qualified to the finals after retrieving the treasure within the given time with the help of the clues. The final round had the teams
 competing to create an efficient electromagnet with the given apparatus in the shortest span of time. 3 winners were selected from the lot after measuring the
 effectiveness of electromagnet and noting the time taken. 
Decipher for Seniors held on 11th November saw participants from nearly 70 teams, each consisting of 2-3 members, of which 16 teams could qualify for the 2nd round. 
After playing through the Treasure Hunt, 6 teams qualified for the final round of DeCipher – where the competed against each other and time to glow an LED with the 
highest intensity using the given components like breadboards, resistors, cells, etc. 3 winners were selected with the judging criteria being the brightness of the
 glowing LED and the time taken to complete the task. 

4.Tech Expo-
 hosted by ECIF in collaboration with IEEE Communication Society, saw a grand opening on Aarohan 2016. People flocked the venue to see the various 
seemingly complex circuits on display – students, teachers and professors alike. The exhibits included an Alcohol Detector, a LASER security system, and a VU meter 
among other things. The presenters explained the working of all the circuits in an easy to understand manner, abstracting all the deep technical knowledge that may
 intimidate the audience. The audience was impressed by the sheer possibility of the fact that all that equipment could be created single handedly in the dorm room,
 and posed their doubts and enquiries to the presenters. 
Conducted in parallel with Tech Expo, Know Your Equipment comprised the electronic appliances used by the everyday man – VCR player, CRT monitor, router and charger. 
The presenters explained the structure and working of the exhibited devices with great detail and in an attractive manner.

