narthana-
1.flashmob
2.natyasudha
3.inter departmrnt
4.spot light
5.dance day
 

INTRODUCTION-
Narthana- the dance club Students who have learnt dance and want to learn dance find this a favourite club.
Classical and contemporary dance competitions are conducted.Classical dance classes are also conducted for interested students.
Narthana, the dance club of ASBE-B sowed the seed of intrest among freshman with an alluring flashmobs with over 60dancers on the move, the performance presented on 
invigorating advertisement of events in store for students


EVENTS=
1.FLASHMOB-
Amrita School of Engineering witnessed a flash mob on the 12th of August 2016. The excitement in the air was palpable as the countdown began.

The Narthana Team mesmerised the onlookers with astounding agility, grace, precision and exceptional style. Dances on various genres were performed to popular music.
The moves presented were greeted with cheering and raucous applause from all. The crowd was entreated to the Amritadhara Team 2016-17 also performing alongside the 
dancers of Narthana, The Dance Club.


2.DANCE DAY-
Narthana hosted Dance Day on 23rd February 2017 and emphasized the motto ‘where talent meets opportunity’.

The entire event consisted of three flash mob performances at three different time slots and three different places. The first and second performances, delivered by 
first and second years in the New Block Centre and in the cafeteria road during the short break, and lunch hour received immense applause

The third performance was held at 3:30PM on the fountain road. As the dancers moved and grooved to famous Bollywood and Kollywood songs, the crowd displayed much 
fanfare and grooved along to the peppy beats.


3.DANCE FOR THRONE(INTER DEPARTMENT)-
Dance for Throne, an inter-department dance competition was held by Narthana, the dance club on 15th and 16th November, 2016. The contest witnessed the display of the 
best dance talents of Amrita School of Engineering, Bengaluru.

On 16th November, performances started off to loud cheers from the gathered audience. A mind-boggling, stunt filled act by ‘Hack A Step’, the CSE boys team elicited 
ovation. This was followed by a stunning performance by ‘Genfire’, the EEE and ME girls team. ‘Swaggers’, the ECE boys team put up a fantastic show and Dance for 
Throne drew to a close with a marvellous performance by ‘Dancestrumentation’, the EIE girls team.

After the performances, the judges announced the winners to an excited crowd. In the boys category, the CSE team ,’ Hack A Step ‘and ME team, ‘Mystic Movers ‘won 
first and second place respectively. In the girls category, the EIE team, ‘Dancestrumentation’ secured first place, and the EEE and ME girls team, ‘Genfire’ came 
second.

The event witnessed a massive turnout. The enthusiasm of the crowd and the celebration of dance as an art form were factors that made Dance for Throne a grand success.

4.SPOTLIGHT-
Hello everyone..... For the first time in Amrita... A biggest dance competition named "SPOTLIGHT " - - a hunt of Amrita's best dancer gonna conducted by our 
NARTHANA.... One single winner will be awarded with a SPECIAL TITLE..




